do you wonder what to do with leftover
paid here are some tips to keep in mind
try not to purchase more than you will
need to do the job if there is some left
over save some of them to touch ups
store pain away from extreme heat and
cold and away from children & pets make
sure the lid is tight and store the can
upside down if you have full cans left
over some stores will accept an open
pain so try to return another option for
full cans of pain less than two years
old is to donate them to Habitat for
Humanity or another community group
environmental education specialist lor
Aikens who tells us why this process is
so important for the environment this is
important mainly because of the
environmental effects that improper
disposal can have primarily if it's
poured down the storm drain it goes
directly into our creeks in our streams
and into our water source and the scots
great water pollution so that's the
biggest thing that we're worried about
in terms of the environmental effects do
not dispose of liquid paint in the trash
and never dump it on the ground or down
the storm drain anything put in storm
drains goes untreated two streams into
the source of our drinking water the
Chattahoochee River pain can be
solidified by leaving the lid off the
can for about two weeks or by mixing an
absorbent material such as catbox filler
stand or shredded paper into the paint
if you live in Roswell once there is no
liquid left you can leave the paint can
next to your trash can on your regular
trash day leave the lid off the paint
can so the sanitation workers can see
that the paint is dry if you live
outside of roswell check with your trash
hauler to see how they will accept cans
of dried paint
now let's recap only purchase as much as
you will need to do the job store paint
properly to extend its usable life if
there is no reuse option mix paint with
an absorbent material such as cat box
filler until there is no liquid left
dispose a pate responsibly never pour
liquid paint on the ground down the
storm drain or in the trash this is a
very easy thing that the general public
can do in their own house to make sure
that we're protecting our water quality
in Roswell following these easy tips
will keep our environment cleaner and
safer for everybody for more information
about what to do with other household
hazardous waste please call Roswell's
environmental education specialist at
770 6413 715